00 direction register
    1: input, 0: output
    Controls the direction of the data I/O.
    When a bit is set, the corresponding pin becomes an
    input. When a bit is clear, the corresponding pin
    becomes an output.

01 input polarity register
    1 = GPIO register bit will reflect the opposite logic state of the input pin
    0 = GPIO register bit will reflect the same logic state of the input pin

02 interrupt on change control register
    1 = Enable GPIO input pin for interrupt-on-change event
    0 = Disable GPIO input pin for interrupt-on-change event

03 default compare register for the interupt on change 

    DEF7:DEF0: These bits set the compare value for pins configured for interrupt-on-change from
    defaults [7:0]. Refer to INTCON.
    If the associated pin level is the opposite from the register bit, an interrupt occurs.

04 interrupt control register
    The INTCON register controls how the associated pin
    value is compared for the interrupt-on-change feature.
    If a bit is set, the corresponding I/O pin is compared
    against the associated bit in the DEFVAL register. If a
    bit value is clear, the corresponding I/O pin is compared
    against the previous value.

    IOC7:IOC0: These bits control how the associated pin value is compared for interrupt-on-change [7:0]
    1 = Controls how the associated pin value is compared for interrupt-on-change
    0 = Pin value is compared against the previous pin value
    
05 config
    bit 5 SEQOP: Sequential Operation Mode
    1 = Sequential operation disabled, Address Pointer does not increment
    0 = Sequential operation enabled, Address Pointer increments

    bit 4 DISSLW: Slew Rate Control Bit for SDA Output
    1 = Slew rate disabled
    0 = Slew rate enabled

    bit 2 ODR: This bit configures the INT pin as an open-drain output
    1 = Open-drain output (overrides the INTPOL bit)
    0 = Active driver output (INTPOL bit sets the polarity)

    bit 1 INTPOL: This bit sets the polarity of the INT output pin
    1 = Active-high
    0 = Active-low


06 pull up config
    The GPPU register controls the pull-up resistors for the
    PORT pins. If a bit is set and the corresponding pin is
    configured as an input, the corresponding PORT pin is
    internally pulled up with a 100 k/om resistor.

    bits is the pin, 0 - 7;

07 interrupt flag register
    The INTF register reflects the interrupt condition on the
    PORT pins of any pin that is enabled for interrupts via
    the GPINTEN register. A ‘set’ bit indicates that the
    associated pin caused the interrupt.
    This register is ‘read-only’. Writes to this register will be
    ignored.

08 interrup capture register
    The INTCAP register captures the GPIO port value at
    the time the interrupt occurred. The register is
    ‘read-only’ and is updated only when an interrupt
    occurs. The register will remain unchanged until the
    interrupt is cleared via a read of INTCAP or GPIO

09 GPIO register
    reading and writing to the ports gpio


